Assessment for QA:


1. What is RTM and its use in testing life cycle?
RTM is Requirement Traceability Matrix. It maps user requirements with one or more test cases. 
It contains the requirements with its all possible test scenarios and their current state (passed or failed),
this would help to understand the level of testing activities done. 
Uses:
It is used to ensure that all the business requirements are covered in the testing & nothing is missed out. 
It is also used to stay updated with the test execution coverage end to end, 
RTM consists of requirements, test case id's, defect id's etc. Using this document, the person can track the user stories. 
Use of RTM helps in proper planning and tracking.

When should we run a regression test on an application?
We should be running regression when new functionality is added, when any rollback is done etc. 
Regression testing is done to make sure that the new changes made to an application does not affect the existing functionality.

What is Database Testing and when should we consider testing database?
Database testing is to test integration between our software and the database. Testing tables, schema, triggers etc.
When there is huge data involved one must consider testing database like in Finance, Banking & healthcare.
We need to test data in the tables to ensure right data is displayed in the application.

What do you mean by Absolute and Relative xPaths? Which one should we consider to create our automation test scripts?
Absolute xpath traces the web element from the root of the html page. Uses single slash and identifies element in a faster way.
Ex: html/head/body/table/tbody/tr/th.
Relative xpath traces the web element from a node given on a html page. Uses double slash and slower in identifying elements compared to absolute xpath.
Ex: //input[@id='name'].
One should consider relative xpath in creating automation script because it is,
1. Easy to write and takes less time.
2. Many tools available like chropath, firebug etc.
3. If any changes in the page is made it will easily identify the given node whereas absolute xpath fails.


What do you mean by Iterative and Incremental development approach?
Iterative: 
Developing software in small parts. Here new features are added one by one in iterations.
Incremental:
In incremental development approach new functionalities are developed and tested in each sprint. 
Boundaries are not specified before development starts.





A.	Description - User should be able to Log into the app using Facebook
Actor - User
Trigger - User launches the app and tries to log in

	We need to create a dummy user for testing.
	Make sure you remove your application from test user’s Facebook account using app settings, before you test each use case
	We need to perform these test cases for testing of the Facebook application login,

	Click on login with Facebook and enter test credentials, it should allow you to login if credentials are valid.
	Check if username or password is incorrect it shows options for ‘forgot password’ or ‘recovery’.  (negative)
	When user login to the app using Facebook, check whether that app is listed in test users Facebook profile.
	When user logs out of the app and try visiting it again it should allow user to enter the same with login via Facebook option.
	When user uninstalls the app and installs again it should allow the user to login with Facebook.
	When user changes password of the Facebook, app should ask for new password or else log out. And when new credentials are fed it should login.
	If user has already logged in to Facebook App on the same device, test app shouldn’t ask for the credentials, rather it should ask only accept or reject pop-up. If accepted, it should directly login to the app.
	Check if app allows to login if we reject the login pop-up. (negative)

B.	Description - User should be able to do a successful transaction using a Payment
Gateway (Example -PayPal)
Actor – User
Trigger - User is on store screen and selects a product to pay

	Create a dummy card for testing purpose.
	These are the test cases we should execute in order to check the payment gateway.


	Test whether payment option PayPal is available. And redirects to PayPal transaction page on selecting.
	Test whether correct details of the credit/debit card are reflecting in the database as expected.
	Test whether the amount debited from the card is same as the amount which is reflecting in PayPal.
	Test whether currency type matches in both credit transaction and debit transaction end.
	Test if any network issues are faced the payment gateway is back to its normal form. Amount deducted should be transferred back.
	Test whether OTP is sent to the authorized users on or within the mentioned time SLA.
	Test whether OTP is sent after the SLA time. (negative)
	Test whether a Success message is shown on the screen after successful transaction.
	Test whether it takes back to original app after the payment is done.
	Test if success message is shown for a failed transaction. (negative)
	Test if failure message is shown for a successful transaction. (negative)
